https://codepen.io/woestman/pen/ZEboPeZ

 1. What is Semantic HTML? Semantic html is used to give the page structre and meaning.
    2. What is HTML used for? Used to universally give all webpages a similar structure and help with SEO.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? Attributes are used to give identification to elements and are placed inside the tags.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? Denotes the most important thing on the page. Only have one.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. anchors and images
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? information about the data in the body
    7. What is an id? denotes specifity of the tag
    8. What elements can I add an id to? (tags)
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? You can use multiple but should only do one.
    10. What is a class? Denotes a group of similar items.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? (tags)
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? As many as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? right click and hit open in a new tab
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? Just to give a reference to what it is
    15. How do I reference an id? use the #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? A section is more for a broader group of things and a div can be placed anywhere to break something up.
    17. What is CSS used for?  CSS is used to style the page
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page (h2{})
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. A class is used to define a group of similar items that could repeat through the page. An id is the only item on the page like it.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .classname
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? This selects elements inside of a parent child relationship, this would help you select a specific element that might appear multiple times on a page.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? div.sidebar a{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector? specifies a specific state of the element
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border: 1px dotted black
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* text here */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? ~
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? del, you can damage your computer as there is no way to recover the files
    34. Why should I use version control?  So you can revert back and troubleshoot bugs and collaborate with your cohort
    35. How often should I commit to github? several times a day
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        Fork a copy of what your working on
        Create a clone in your git bash into the folder of your choice
        create a branch with your name as the title
        add your changes into the staging area
        commit your changes and push to github
        create a pull request